Update command.md to be clearer, disambiguate further from "event" (#263)
confluentinc/event-streaming-patterns: docs/event/command.md

## Solution
![Command](../img/command-event1.svg)

One service can invoke a function call in another service through the use of an [Event Stream](../event-stream/event-stream.md). The producer service (Application A) creates a command detailing the action for the consumer service (Application B) to take. The command also includes any necessary supporting information for the execution of the command.

> In terms of application logic, a command is typically dispatched in a fire-and-forget manner. The actual record representing the command is produced to the [Event Stream](../event-stream/event-stream.md) and stored with strong durability guarantees. The writer assumes that the command will be handled correctly by the appropriate subscriber service, and the responsibility for monitoring and error-handling falls elsewhere in the system. This is very similar to the Actor model: actors have an inbox, messages are written to that inbox, and they are trusted to process the messages in due course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications will typically dispatch commands in a fire-and-forget manner. The actual record representing the command is produced to the [Event Stream](../event-stream/event-stream.md) and stored with strong durability guarantees. The writer assumes that the command will be handled correctly by the appropriate subscriber service and the responsibility for monitoring and error-handling falls elsewhere in the system. This approach is very similar to the Actor model:
1. Actors have an inbox.
2. Clients write messages to that inbox.
3. They are trusted to process the messages in due course.
```

Reviewer: Played with this a bit - feel free to take what  you want or ignore

> In terms of application logic, a command is typically dispatched in a fire-and-forget manner. The actual record representing the command is produced to the [Event Stream](../event-stream/event-stream.md) and stored with strong durability guarantees. The writer assumes that the command will be handled correctly by the appropriate subscriber service, and the responsibility for monitoring and error-handling falls elsewhere in the system. This is very similar to the Actor model: actors have an inbox, messages are written to that inbox, and they are trusted to process the messages in due course.

Reviewer 2: I think this would feel better to me if we just tweaked that first sentence. Something like:

> Ideally, commands are issued without expecting a response, beyond a simple acknowledgment of receipt.

> In terms of application logic, a command is typically dispatched in a fire-and-forget manner. The actual record representing the command is produced to the [Event Stream](../event-stream/event-stream.md) and stored with strong durability guarantees. The writer assumes that the command will be handled correctly by the appropriate subscriber service, and the responsibility for monitoring and error-handling falls elsewhere in the system. This is very similar to the Actor model: actors have an inbox, messages are written to that inbox, and they are trusted to process the messages in due course.

Author: Yep, good call out. I'll keep it as per your second sentence. If we want to revisit this to overhaul it, I think then would be a good opportunity to get into more detail.
